Add the MCLT 4K 2025 tournament article (#12844)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Tournaments/MCLT/4K2025/en.md

| #5 | ::{ flag=CL }:: Ogata Kanna | 6.6 | 975.031 |
| #6 | ::{ flag=CL }:: Shiny Sylveon | 8.6 | 970.156 |
| #7 | ::{ flag=CL }:: yukataa | 8.6 | 968,687 |
| #8 | ::{ flag=CL }:: Yor Fangirl | 8.6 | 968,247 |
| #9 | ::{ flag=CL }:: Best Sanallite | 10.8 | 964,395 |
| #10 | ::{ flag=CL }:: Jeanne Da Rin | 11.2 | 963,878 |
| #11 | ::{ flag=CL }:: NikitodeuS | 12 | 958.823 |
| #12 | ::{ flag=CL }:: TheTrixdo_YT | 13.4 | 956,299 |
| #13 | ::{ flag=CL }:: Horuszed | 13.4 | 947,361 |
| #14 | ::{ flag=CL }:: UQU | 13.6 | 952,576 |
| #15 | ::{ flag=CL }:: [REG]Levels | 14.2 | 956,143 |
| #16 | ::{ flag=CL }:: Wantaso | 14.6 | 951,591 |

## Ruleset

### General

1. Only players with the Chilean flag visible on their osu! profile are eligible to enter the tournament.
2. [Tournament staff members](/wiki/Tournaments/Official_support#staff) must not participate as players in the tournament.
3. Tournament schedules are based on Chilean continental time (UTC-3).
4. To participate in the tournament, player **must** join [this Discord server](https://discord.gg/aSTBgHBpSN) after registration.
5. This tournament is a 1v1 double-elimination competition for the osu!mania 4K game mode.

> 6. The score system used will be ScoreV2, and the version used will be stable, not osu!lazer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Beatmap scoring is based on ScoreV2.
```

I checked [`LGA`](https://osu.ppy.sh/wiki/en/Tournaments/LGA/2024),[`COE`](https://osu.ppy.sh/wiki/en/Tournaments/COE/COE_2024) rulebooks, they usually talking game version only in introduction, while `osu!lazer tournament` means tournament running on lazer。
(Test Open haven't rulebooks on osu!wiki)

will leave remain review for osu!wiki maintancer.

2. Players will be invited 10 minutes before the start of each lobby. It is not necessary to join before this period, but players must be present at the scheduled time.
3. If a player does not show up within 5 minutes of the lobby's start time, they will be moved to another lobby.
4. Each lobby will consist of 5 consecutive maps, with a 2-minute break after each map. Once all maps are completed, there will be a 5-minute break where players can retry their maps.
5. The seeding method used will be Average Rank, based on the average ranking obtained in each map.

### After Qualifiers

1. On Sunday of the qualifiers week, at a previously announced time, the qualifier results and designated matches will be published.
2. If players qualify, they will advance to the double-elimination bracket stage, meaning that losing your first match does not eliminate you from the tournament. Starting from Quarterfinals, if you are in the loser bracket, you will have to play two matches per week. If you lose in the losers bracket, players will get eliminated from the tournament.

### Matches

> 1. A room will be created, and players will be invited 15 minutes before the match, with the format: `MCLT 4K 2025: {(Player 1)} vs {(Player 2)}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. A room will be created, and players will be invited 15 minutes before the match, with the format: `MCLT4K2025: {(Player 1)} vs {(Player 2)}`
```
I randomlly check some mplink, those not following the format with space.
https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/117205295
https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/117188342
https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/117190863

---
tags:
  - MCLT2025
  - MCLT 2025
  - MCLT4K 2025
  - MCLT 4K 2025
---

# osu!mania 4K Chilean National Cup 2025

![MCLT 4K 2025 banner](img/banner.jpg)

> The **osu!mania 4K Chilean National Cup 2025** (***MCLT 4K 2025***) is a 1v1, double-elimination, country-based osu! tournament hosted by ::{ flag=CL }:: [myucchii](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10072733) and ::{ flag=CL }:: [nyawaa](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10235085). It is the first instalment of the osu!mania 4K Chilean National Cup 2025.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The **osu!mania 4K Chilean National Cup 2025** (***MCLT 4K 2025***) is an 1v1, double-elimination, country-based osu! tournament hosted by ::{ flag=CL }:: [myucchii](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10072733) and ::{ flag=CL }:: [nyawaa](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10235085). It is the first instalment of the osu!mania 4K Chilean National Cup.
```

Author: pretty sure it's "is a 1v1" instead of "an 1v1"

## Tournament schedule

| Event | Timestamp |
| --: | :-- |
| Registration phase | 2024-12-27 (20:00 CLST) / 2025-01-12 (20:00 CLST) |
| Qualifier showcase | 2025-01-19 |
| Qualifier stage | 2025-01-25/2025-01-26 |
| Round of 16 | 2025-02-01/2025-02-02 |
| Quarterfinals | 2025-02-07/2025-02-08 |
| Semifinals | 2025-02-14/2025-02-15 |
| Finals | 2025-02-22/2025-02-23 |
| Grand Finals | 2025-03-01/2025-03-02 |

## Prizes

| Placing | Prize(s) |
| :-: | :-- |
| ![Gold crown](/wiki/shared/crown-gold.png "1st place") | Profile badge (pending), 1 year of osu!supporter, profile banner |
| ![Silver crown](/wiki/shared/crown-silver.png "2nd place") | 6 months of osu!supporter, profile banner |
| ![Bronze crown](/wiki/shared/crown-bronze.png "3rd place") | 3 months of osu!supporter, profile banner |

## Organisation

The osu!mania 4K Chilean National Cup 2025 is run by various community members.

| Position | Member(s) |
| :-- | :-- |
| Organiser | ::{ flag=CL }:: [myucchii](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10072733), ::{ flag=CL }:: [nyawaa](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10235085) |

> | Technical | ::{ flag=CL }:: [myucchii](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10072733), ::{ flag=CN }:: [CuteNatro](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/27233308) |

Reviewer 2: move Technical and Design Team to backside, after Referee

Author: this is fair

| Referee | ::{ flag=VN }:: [--Glitchy--](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/30644569), ::{ flag=CL }:: [Bastaku](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/14351782), ::{ flag=CL }:: [chibamasu](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/16067522), ::{ flag=CL }:: [Isita](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/13973026), ::{ flag=CL }:: [myucchii](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10072733), ::{ flag=IT }:: [ndrrr](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4609767), ::{ flag=AR }:: [ottenst](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/13488325), ::{ flag=CL }:: [nyawaa](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10235085), ::{ flag=CL }:: [Shiny Froakie](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6194830), ::{ flag=CL }:: [ulko](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1263669), ::{ flag=AR }:: [Limber](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7093698) |

## Links

> - **[Information spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1N6ri1YN1-2lFDzPiyS4ap6i7mPepbsAu-q7mIcSWD5k/edit?gid=0#gid=0)**

Reviewer 2: add forum page link here

| Anterex ::{ flag=CL }:: | **5** | 0 | ::{ flag=CL }:: [REG]Levels | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/117031119) | [#1](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/2370163448) |

Sunday, 16 February 2025:

| Player A |  |  | Player B | Match link | VOD link |
| --: | :-: | :-: | :-- | :-- | :-- |
| yukataa ::{ flag=CL }:: | 4 | **5** | ::{ flag=CL }:: Jeanne Da Rin | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/117038115) | [#1](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/2370616128) |
| kuraaaFangirl ::{ flag=CL }:: | **5** | 1 | ::{ flag=CL }:: UQU | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/117039635) | [#1](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/2370701940) |
| Shiny Sylveon ::{ flag=CL }:: | **5** | 4 | ::{ flag=CL }:: NikitodeuS | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/117041804) | [#1](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/2371105628) |

### Qualifiers

The final standings for the Qualifier stage can be found in the following [spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1-msr4rlozBQP-jWMIwBHAXzVtFRbS0wY7UxbO_wpy7I).

| Seed | Player | Average Rank[^qualifiers-seeding] | avg. score[^qualifiers-tiebreaker] |
| :-: | :-- | --: | --: |

> | #1 | ::{ flag=CL }:: b3njvv2 | 2,400 | 988,095 |

Reviewer 2: might be 2.4?

| #2 | ::{ flag=CL }:: Anterex | 2,600 | 988,978 |
| #3 | ::{ flag=CL }:: kuraaaFangirl | 4,400 | 981.640 |
| #4 | ::{ flag=CL }:: Hikikomori | 4,400 | 980,398 |
| #5 | ::{ flag=CL }:: Ogata Kanna | 6,600 | 975.031 |
| #6 | ::{ flag=CL }:: Shiny Sylveon | 8,600 | 970.156 |
| #7 | ::{ flag=CL }:: yukataa | 8,600 | 968,687 |
| #8 | ::{ flag=CL }:: Yor Fangirl | 8,600 | 968,247 |
| #9 | ::{ flag=CL }:: Best Sanallite | 10,800 | 964,395 |
| #10 | ::{ flag=CL }:: Jeanne Da Rin | 11,200 | 963,878 |
| #11 | ::{ flag=CL }:: NikitodeuS | 12,000 | 958.823 |
| #12 | ::{ flag=CL }:: TheTrixdo_YT | 13,400 | 956,299 |
| #13 | ::{ flag=CL }:: Horuszed | 13,400 | 947,361 |
| #14 | ::{ flag=CL }:: UQU | 13,600 | 952,576 |
| #15 | ::{ flag=CL }:: [REG]Levels | 14,200 | 956,143 |
| #16 | ::{ flag=CL }:: Wantaso | 14,600 | 951,591 |

## Ruleset

### General

1. Only players with the Chilean flag visible on their osu! profile are eligible to enter the tournament.

> 2. No tournament staff, except designers, streamers, and commentators, may participate as players.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. [Tournament staff members](/wiki/Tournaments/Official_support#staff) must not participate as players in the tournament.
```

3. Tournament schedules are based on Chilean continental time (UTC-3).

> 4. Players who wish to register must be present in the Discord server linked in the first section of the forum.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. To participate in the tournament, player **must** join [this Discord server](https://discord.gg/aSTBgHBpSN) after registration.
```

> 5. This tournament is a 1v1 double-elimination competition for the osu!mania 4K game mode.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
5. This tournament is an 1v1 double-elimination competition for the osu!mania 4K game mode.
```

Author: same as before

> 6. Only players with the Chilean flag visible on their osu! profile are eligible to enter the tournament.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> 7. Players who wish to register must be present in the Discord server linked in the first section of the forum.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

8. The score system used will be ScoreV2, and the version used will be stable, not osu!lazer.

> 9. No tournament staff, except designers, streamers, and commentators, may participate as players.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

| Referee | ::{ flag=VN }:: [--Glitchy--](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/30644569), ::{ flag=CL }:: [Bastaku](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/14351782), ::{ flag=CL }:: [chibamasu](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/16067522), ::{ flag=CL }:: [Isita](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/13973026), ::{ flag=CL }:: [myucchii](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10072733), ::{ flag=IT }:: [ndrrr](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4609767), ::{ flag=AR }:: [ottenst](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/13488325), ::{ flag=CL }:: [nyawaa](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10235085), ::{ flag=CL }:: [Shiny Froakie](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6194830), ::{ flag=CL }:: [ulko](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1263669), ::{ flag=AR }:: [Limber](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7093698) |

> | Technical | ::{ flag=CL }:: [myucchii](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10072733), ::{ flag=CN }:: [CuteNatro](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/27233308) |

Author: technical as in spreadsheet management and overlay creator (editor in this case)

> | Technical | ::{ flag=CL }:: [myucchii](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10072733), ::{ flag=CN }:: [CuteNatro](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/27233308) |

Reviewer 3: it would be good if these roles didn't need explanation, so i'd be for splitting

> | Technical | ::{ flag=CL }:: [myucchii](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10072733), ::{ flag=CN }:: [CuteNatro](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/27233308) |

Author: i decided to just delete the category as a whole, i don't think it's necessary to state now that i thought it better, so i left spreadsheet management instead

8. Players must adhere to the [osu! community rules](/wiki/Rules) at all times. Any violation of these rules may result in expulsion at the discretion of the tournament hosts.
9. Players are allowed to adjust visual settings to alter background opacity or disable beatmap elements, such as storyboards and skins.
10. Skin elements must not be used to alter key gameplay mechanics inappropriately.
11. The tournament hosts reserve the right to modify these rules at any moment. Any such changes will be announced in advance.

### Mappool information

1. Every stage will have its own mappool.
2. Each mappool consists of a fixed amount of maps, which will all be played under Free Mod conditions.
3. The mappool sizes are as follows:
   - Qualifiers: 5 beatmaps
   - Round of 16: 13 beatmaps
   - Quarterfinals and Semifinals: 15 beatmaps
   - Finals and Grand Finals: 17 beatmaps
4. Each mappool has one tiebreaker, except for the Qualifiers.
5. Possible mod choices for all beatmaps are [Hidden](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier/Hidden), [Fade In](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier/Fade_In), [Flashlight](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier/Flashlight), and [Mirror](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier/Mirror).

> 6. The tiebreaker will be played under FreeMod conditions.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
6. The tiebreaker will be played under Free Mod conditions.
```

### Qualifiers

1. A total of 8 lobbies will be available at different times. Custom lobbies can be requested if a player cannot participate in any of the designated lobbies.
2. Players will be invited 10 minutes before the start of each lobby. It is not necessary to join before this period, but players must be present at the scheduled time.
3. If a player does not show up within 5 minutes of the lobby's start time, they will be moved to another lobby.
4. Each lobby will consist of 5 consecutive maps, with a 2-minute break after each map. Once all maps are completed, there will be a 5-minute break where players can retry their maps.
5. The seeding method used will be Average Rank, based on the average ranking obtained in each map.

### After Qualifiers

1. On Sunday of the qualifiers week, at a previously announced time, the qualifier results and designated matches will be published.

> 2. If players qualify, they will advance to the double-elimination bracket stage, meaning that losing your first match does not eliminate you from the tournament. Starting from Quarterfinals, if you are in the loser bracket, you will have to play two matches per week. If you lose in the losers bracket, players will get eliminated from the tournament.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
2. If players qualify, they will advance to the double-elimination bracket stage, meaning that losing your first match does not eliminate you from the tournament. Starting from Quarterfinals, if you are in the losers' bracket, you will have to play two matches per week. If you lose in the losers' bracket, players will get eliminated from the tournament.
```

### Matches

1. A room will be created, and players will be invited 15 minutes before the match, with the format: `MCLT4K2025: {(Player 1)} vs {(Player 2)}`
2. Each match will be played using Score V2 and Team Vs format.
3. There will be no warm-up maps, following the same format as MWC matches.

> 4. Matches (with minor exceptions) will be played over the weekend (Friday to Sunday) at the times specified in the Main Sheet. Players are allowed to request reschedules up until a deadline announced in the tournament's Discord server.
> 5. The schedules for each match will be announced on Sundays each week in the Main Sheet.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
4. Matches (with minor exceptions) will be played over the weekend (Friday to Sunday) at the times specified in the main sheet. Players are allowed to request reschedules up until a deadline announced in the tournament's Discord server.
5. The schedules for each match will be announced on Sundays each week in the main sheet.
```

6. Both players must be present in the room within a maximum of 10 minutes after the match's start time. If a player does not show up within this time, the opponent will be awarded the victory.
   - *If neither player shows up, they will be allowed to schedule an emergency reschedule within the same day.*
   - *If no suitable time can be found, the player with the higher seeding will advance.*

> 7. Once both players are present, the referee will ask them to perform !roll. The roll winner can choose between first protect or first ban. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
7. Once both players are present, the referee will ask them to perform `!roll`. The roll winner can choose between first protect or first ban. 
```

   - If the roll winner (Player A) chooses first protect, the order will be:
     - Protect A - Protect B - Ban B - Ban A - Pick A.
   - If the roll winner chooses first ban instead:
     - Protect B - Protect A - Ban A - Ban B - Pick A.
8. After the rolls, players can freely choose their maps.

> 9. Players have 2 minutes to select each map and ready up in the lobby. If a player exceeds this limit, the referee may issue a warning and enforce a tactical timeout if necessary. If this happens multiple times, the referee may perform a !roll to randomly select a map. In extreme cases, hosts and referees may take stricter actions.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
9. Players have 2 minutes to select each map and ready up in the lobby. If a player exceeds this limit, the referee may issue a warning and enforce a tactical timeout if necessary. If this happens multiple times, the referee may perform a `!roll` to randomly select a map. In extreme cases, hosts and referees may take stricter actions.
```

10. Each round will require a certain amount of points in order to win the match, those being:
    - Round of 16: First to 5 points (BO9)
    - Quarterfinals and Semifinals: First to 6 points (BO11)
    - Finals and Grand Finals: First to 7 points (BO13)
11. Each player has one tactical timeout, which can only be used during their own pick. This allows the player to request an additional 2 minutes from the referee, on top of the regular 2-minute pick time.
12. In the rare case of a score tie on a map, the map will be replayed. If a tie occurs again, the map will continue to be replayed until a winner is determined.

> 13. If a match tie occurs, the Tiebreaker map will be played automatically. If both players agree, an additional tactical timeout can be used before the Tiebreaker.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
13. If a match tie occurs, the tiebreaker map will be played automatically. If both players agree, an additional tactical timeout can be used before the tiebreaker.
```

> 14. Only the following mods are allowed during matches: Hidden (HD), Fade In, Flashlight (FL) and Mirror. All other mods **are strictly prohibited.**

Reviewer 3: (https://osu.ppy.sh/wiki/en/Article_styling_criteria/Writing#logical-quotation)

```suggestion
14. Only the following mods are allowed during matches: Hidden (HD), Fade In, Flashlight (FL) and Mirror. All other mods **are strictly prohibited**.
```

15. A rematch can be requested if a player experiences technical issues within the first 30 seconds of a map. The referee may deny this request if deemed unnecessary.
16. If a player disconnects after the first 30 seconds, their opponent will win the point, unless:
    - A VOD, Twitch Stream or liveplay is provided showing the complete playthrough and result.
    - A replay file is submitted, with the timestamp matching exactly with the lobby's map start time.

### Extra

> [^grand-finals]: Grand Finals — final matchup depends on the Losers bracket Grand Finals match
> [^losers-bracket]: Losers bracket Grand Finals bracket match.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
[^grand-finals]: Grand Finals — final matchup depends on the losers' bracket Grand Finals match.
[^losers-bracket]: Losers' bracket Grand Finals bracket match.
```
